[Dart 3.10] Add language version entry to evolution page (#6999)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/resources/language/evolution.md

## Changes in each release

### Dart 3.10
_Released 12 November 2025_
| [Dart 3.10 announcement]()

Dart 3.10 introduces [dot shorthands][], a concise syntax 

> that lets you omit explicit type names when accessing enums,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that lets you omit explicit type names when accessing enum values,
```
